Update link to public docs for AWS BYOVPC (#45)
redpanda-data/cloud-examples: customer-managed/aws/README.md

These values can also be retrieved at any time by running `terraform output`.

Note these values. They are needed for the next steps. To continue with cluster creation, see 

> [Configure a Customer-Managed VPC on AWS](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/get-started/cluster-types/byoc/aws/vpc-byo-aws/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Create a BYOVPC Cluster on AWS](https://docs.redpanda.com/redpanda-cloud/get-started/cluster-types/byoc/aws/vpc-byo-aws/). 
```
because the product name changed from "Customer-managed VPC" to "Bring Your Own VPC (BYOVPC)"
